You are threatening me
Mr. Xiao, you misunderstood
Maybe you don't understand
The weight of the word family in Qinzhou
Qinzhou boundary family 33
Sweep all walks of life
Radiation
Although one less Chen family is affected
But still manageable
But abolish all families
Qinzhou will surely collapse
People are struggling
Xiao Chen, I know your language
It's just that no matter how high your status is
Less than 1/10,000 of the one in the Dragon Palace.
If he wants to blame
How will you deal with yourself?
Do you have any idea what you're talking about?
His Excellency the Governor
We are willing to apologize.
Willing to compensate
It's done.
It was him who cut off the life of our family
Break the bustling scenery of Qinzhou
Xiao Chen, the one who ordered the dragon is coming soon.
I don't have much time left for you.
You are simply stupid
Cut off family life
Aside from family status
I can live
But you are the following sentry
Are you living your life consciously?
The director arrives
A breath
How dare you
Not to mention
I also want to learn about Mr. Xiao's methods
Look at your wrist.
Annihilated the Thirty-third King of Qinzhou
Or will the wrath of the dragon come first and burn you to the ground?
Since you asked for it
that
I satisfy you
Within 3 minutes
Death Gun